This project is a program that simulates a five-question math test that measures the time it takes for each question to be answered. Each math problem is randomly generated numbers and operators, and when starting the program, the system
displays the first of five questions. Only entering an answer will show the next question. Once the user enters their solution, the program will show comments on which answers were correct or incorrect for each question, a comment on the
results of the test, and the time taken from opening the program to when the last question was answered. First, I needed to enter the namespace directive System.Diagnostics after System. That way, I can access the use of the Stopwatch
class. Next, I needed to set up the random number generators within a range from 1 to 51, string the answers, create a boolean for an answer checking variable for five answers, string a randomizer for the math operators, and create an
integer that checks off each question to end a Do and While loop. Once the program begins, a Do loop begins with the console writing the randomly generated equation and the stopwatch starts. After an answer in entered, the console
strings the answer into a local variable, starts an If Else loop that checks if the entered answer for the question is true or false for each of the five questions while each given solution lowers the answer check until it reaches 0.
Once the answer check reaches 0, the stopwatch stops, the console writes in the lines from a local variable correctCount. correctCount will add up the correct answers, a For and an If Else statement will direct each correct answer to the
correct response, showing a comment that rewards for a correct answer or a comment that ashames for an incorrect answer, for each solution given of the five questions. Then, the console will write in a commend that shows the elapsed 
time, and finally write in a line that takes into account the number of correct answers in an If loop by measuring the integer from correctCount.
